did you hear that
i'm all right i'm okay
i can't see
see that see what they are now
bloody shells
rose callie general wants to see you
there is only one thing harder than
winning a wall
keeping the peace for the past five
years
we co-existed peacefully until now
if we don't find a solution three
billion
will die however we crack their
navigation
we're embarking on the first mission to
their world
you've been blessed with the ability to
interact with alien ted
and i want you to join us
give them a taste of their own medicine
that's it oh so you have half a plant
yeah
bess
ladies and gentlemen welcome to cobalt
one
anything moves learning
got movement north wall two signatures
what is it they're surrounding us
we face extermination we'll have to push
beyond our limits
[Music]
i know what's at stake and i'm not
afraid to die for it
[Music]
i have to finish this
hold myself
[Music]
you